README.md, before:

# Podcast Feed Generator

A GitHub action to generate a podcast feed from a YAML file. YAML is much easier to read and write than XML, and this action will convert your YAML file into a valid podcast feed.

## Usage

### Turn on Github Pages

In your repository, go to Settings > Pages and select the main branch as the source. This will create a link to your page and give all of the content in the main branch a URL. Note the URL for the next step.

### Create a YAML file

Create a YAML file in your repository with the following format:

```yaml
title: <Podcast Title>
subtitle: <Podcast Subtitle>
author: <Author Name>
description: <Podcast Description>
link: <GitHub Pages URL>
image: <Artwork Location>
language: <Podcast Language e.g. en-us>
category: <Postcast Category e.g. Technology https://podcasters.apple.com/support/1691-apple-podcasts-categories>
format: <format of files e.g. audio/mpeg>
item:
  - title: <Podcast Episode Title>
    description: <Podcast Episode Description>
    published: <Date Published - e.g. Thu, 12 Jan 2023 18:00:00 GMT>
    file: <Filename e.g. /audio/TFIT01.mp3>
    duration: <duration e.g. 00:00:36>
    length: <length e.g. 576,324 (Get Info on your files)>
  ... Repeat for each episode
```

### Sample Workflow

You're also going to need your own workflow file. Here's a sample:

```yaml
name: Generate Feed
on: [push]
jobs:
  generate-feed:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout Repo
        uses: actions/checkout@v4.1.5
      - name: Run Feed Generator
        uses: actions/jmsgomes-podcast-generator@v1.0
```

or

```yaml
name: Generate Feed
on: [push]
jobs:
  generate-feed:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout Repo
        uses: actions/checkout@v4.1.5
      - name: Run Feed Generator
        uses: jmsgomes/podcast-generator@main
```

NOTE: Credit for this action goes to https://raybo.org/slides_practicalactions/

Commit message:

chore: :memo: Amend version tag in `README`

README.md, after:

# Podcast Feed Generator

A GitHub action to generate a podcast feed from a YAML file. YAML is much easier to read and write than XML, and this action will convert your YAML file into a valid podcast feed.

## Usage

### Turn on Github Pages

In your repository, go to Settings > Pages and select the main branch as the source. This will create a link to your page and give all of the content in the main branch a URL. Note the URL for the next step.

### Create a YAML file

Create a YAML file in your repository with the following format:

```yaml
title: <Podcast Title>
subtitle: <Podcast Subtitle>
author: <Author Name>
description: <Podcast Description>
link: <GitHub Pages URL>
image: <Artwork Location>
language: <Podcast Language e.g. en-us>
category: <Postcast Category e.g. Technology https://podcasters.apple.com/support/1691-apple-podcasts-categories>
format: <format of files e.g. audio/mpeg>
item:
  - title: <Podcast Episode Title>
    description: <Podcast Episode Description>
    published: <Date Published - e.g. Thu, 12 Jan 2023 18:00:00 GMT>
    file: <Filename e.g. /audio/TFIT01.mp3>
    duration: <duration e.g. 00:00:36>
    length: <length e.g. 576,324 (Get Info on your files)>
  ... Repeat for each episode
```

### Sample Workflow

You're also going to need your own workflow file. Here's a sample:

```yaml
name: Generate Feed
on: [push]
jobs:
  generate-feed:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout Repo
        uses: actions/checkout@v4.1.5
      - name: Run Feed Generator
        uses: actions/jmsgomes-podcast-generator@v0.1-alpha
```

Alternatively, to use the latest non-release version (from `main`):

```yaml
name: Generate Feed
on: [push]
jobs:
  generate-feed:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout Repo
        uses: actions/checkout@v4.1.5
      - name: Run Feed Generator
        uses: jmsgomes/podcast-generator@main
```

NOTE: Credit for this action goes to https://raybo.org/slides_practicalactions/
